1)http? - hyper text transfer protocol, communication between web-servers and clients. http request / responses (Loading pages, form submit, Ajax calls)

2)http vs https?
Https- hyper text transfer protocol secure. Data sent is encrypted. SSL/TLS. Install certificate on web host.

3)Who is a client? Who is a server?
A Client is a piece of computer hardware(computer, mobile device) or software that accesses a service made available by a server 
A Server is a piece of computer hardware or software (computer program) that provides functionality for other programs or devices, called "clients".

4 http methods(get,post,delete,put,patch,trace,options)
Get-Retreive data from a server.
Post-submit data to a server
Delete-delete data from a server
Put-update data on a server
Patch- used to update partial resource
Trace- performs a message loop-back test along the path to the target resource, providing a useful debugging mechanism.
Option- requests permitted communication options for a given URL or server. A client can specify a URL with this method, or an asterisk (*) to refer to the entire server.

5)http status codes(100-500)
1xx - Informational - Request received / processing 
2xx - Success - Successfully Received, understood and accepted (200 - OK, 201 - Created)
3xx - Redirect - Further action must be taken / redirect (204 - Not modified (Cached version))
4xx - Client Error - Request does not have what it needs (400 - Bad request, 401 - Unauthorized, 404 - Not Found)
5xx - Server Error - Server failed to fulfill an apparent valid request (500 - Internal server error)

All - All levels including custom levels.
TRACE- Designates finer-grained informational events than the DEBUG
DEBUG - Designates fine-grained informational events that are most useful to debug an application.
INFO - Designates informational messages that highlight the progress of the application at coarse-grained level.
WARN - Designates potentially harmful situations.
ERROR - Designates error events that might still allow the application to continue running.
FATAL - Designates very severe error events that will presumably lead the application to abort.
